gh-100458: Clarify Enum.__format__() change of mixed-in types in the whatsnew/3.11.rst (#100387)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.11.rst

* Changed :meth:`Enum.__format__() <enum.Enum.__format__>`
  (the default for :func:`format`, :meth:`str.format` and :term:`f-string`\s)
  of enums with mixed-in types (e.g. :class:`int`, :class:`str`)
  to include the class name and member key in the output, not the member's value.
  This matches the existing behavior of :meth:`enum.Enum.__str__`,
  returning e.g. ``'AnEnum.MEMBER'`` for an enum ``AnEnum(str, Enum)``

>   instead of the member's value.

Reviewer: I think it might be useful to suggest how users can keep the <3.11 behaviour (and advertise the new enum classes at the same time).

```suggestion
  instead of the member's value. Those wishing to keep the old formatting behavior may wish to modify their enums with mixed-in types to inherit from one the appropriate :class:`StrEnum` or :class:`IntEnum` class.
```
https://github.com/python/cpython/issues/100458#issuecomment-1365859762

Author: This sounds perfect 👍

* Changed :meth:`Enum.__format__() <enum.Enum.__format__>`
  (the default for :func:`format`, :meth:`str.format` and :term:`f-string`\s)
  of enums with mixed-in types (e.g. :class:`int`, :class:`str`)

>   to include the class name and member key in the output, not the member's value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  to show the class name and member name in the output, instead of the member's value.
```

  This matches the existing behavior of :meth:`enum.Enum.__str__`,

>   returning e.g. ``'AnEnum.MEMBER'`` for an enum ``AnEnum(str, Enum)``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  returning e.g. ``'AnEnum.MEMBER'`` for an enum ``AnEnum(str, Enum)``.
```

>   instead of the member's value. Those wishing to keep the old formatting behavior

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Those wishing to keep the old formatting behavior
```
